ui: modify content path (#5950)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/agent/options.html.md

  the Web UI resources for Consul. This will automatically enable the Web UI. The directory must be
  readable to the agent. Starting with Consul version 0.7.0 and later, the Web UI assets are included in the binary so this flag is no longer necessary; specifying only the `-ui` flag is enough to enable the Web UI. Specifying both the '-ui' and '-ui-dir' flags will result in an error.

> * <a name="_ui_content_path"></a><a href="#_ui_content_path">`-ui-content-path`</a> - This flag provides the option to change the path the Web UI loads from. By default this will go to `/ui/`. Alphanumerics, -, and _, only, `/v1/` is not allowed as it would overwrite the API endpoint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <a name="_ui_content_path"></a><a href="#_ui_content_path">`-ui-content-path`</a> - This flag provides the option to change the path the Consul UI loads from and will be displayed in the browser. By default, the path is `/ui/`, for example `http://localhost:8500/ui/`. Only alphanumerics, `-`, and `_` are allowed in a custom path. `/v1/` is not allowed as it would overwrite the API endpoint. 
```

Reviewer: I've been trying to update instances of `Web UI` to `Consul UI`. I added some additional context to make the purpose of the flag clearer. My only hesitation is that it sounds like you are loading something from the server, "the path Consul UI loads from". If that's not the case we should revisit the language.

Author: LGTM

> * <a name="_ui_content_path"></a><a href="#_ui_content_path">`-ui-content-path`</a> - This flag provides the option to change the path the Web UI loads from. By default this will go to `/ui/`. Alphanumerics, -, and _, only, `/v1/` is not able to be as it would overwrite the API endpoint. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* <a name="_ui_content_path"></a><a href="#_ui_content_path">`-ui-content-path`</a> - This flag provides the option to change the path the Web UI loads from. By default this will go to `/ui/`. Alphanumerics, -, and _, only, `/v1/` is not allowed as it would overwrite the API endpoint. 
```
